feat(changelog): functions-added-dns-query-rate-limiting-update 2024-11-26 (#4032)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-26-functions-added-dns-query-rate-limiting-update.mdx

---

> title: DNS Query Rate Limiting Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: DNS query rate limiting update
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-26
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> To ensure platform stability and performance, we've implemented a rate limit of 20 DNS queries per second for **full DNS resolutions** Function instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure platform stability and performance, we've implemented a rate limit of 20 DNS queries per second for **full DNS resolutions** per Function instance. 
```

> This rate limit **only applies** to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance. This rate limit is set at a level that is well above typical usage, so most users should not be impacted. If you do encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to reach out to our support team for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rate limit **only applies** to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance. This rate limit is set at a level that is well above typical usage, so most users should not be impacted. If you do encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to [reach out to our support team](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) for assistance.

Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/functions/reference-content/dns-query-rate-limit/) for more information on DNS query rate limiting.
```

---
title: DNS query rate limiting update
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-26
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> To ensure platform stability and performance, we've implemented a rate limit of 20 DNS queries per second for **full DNS resolutions** per Function instance. 
> 
> This rate limit **only applies** to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance. This rate limit is set at a level that is well above typical usage, so most users should not be impacted. If you do encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to [reach out to our support team](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) for assistance.
> 
> Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/functions/reference-content/dns-query-rate-limit/) for more information on DNS query rate limiting.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure platform stability and performance, we have implemented a rate limit of 20 DNS queries per second for **full DNS resolutions** per Function instance. 

This rate limit **only applies** to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance. This rate limit is set at a level that is well above typical usage, so most users should not be impacted. If you encounter any issues, [reach out to our support team](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) for assistance.

Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/functions/reference-content/dns-query-rate-limit/) for more information on DNS query rate limiting.
```
